Team name: Diamond

URL of your GitHub repo: https://github.com/CSE410HCI/diamond 

URL of your ZenHub board: https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/cse-370-group-project-diamond-60231b717d2271001f982eb2/board?repos=337266885 

Describe your team's alternate dispute resolution approach. Your team will be required to use these when you just cannot agree on a decision. 
Your mechanism must be fast, simple, and as silly/fun as possible to limit the bad feelings that can result. Voting is NOT allowed for this.
    Rock paper scissors

Write 1 or 2 paragraphs describing the completed version of your project. (Developing estimates is very, very hard and takes years to do well. 
These descriptions are only to help your project manager understand your goals and prioritize the work to be done).
    The completed version of the application will allow subscribers to follow healthy food enthusiasts who share easy and tasty diet based recipes. 
    Recipes would be rated and top recipes would be featured in their specific diet category. 
    If a user would like to try completely random recipes without any bias in rating, they can select the “Are you feeling lucky ?” 
    button that would propose a completely new recipe to you.

Write 1 or 2 paragraphs describing a typical user of your project and how they would use it.
    A typical user goes to the app and can sign in or create an account. After creating an account, they will input their preferred diet (i.e., vegan). 
    Their profile page shows all of their posts, comments, likes, followers, and following. On the profile page, users can select types of diets that fit their lifestyle. 
    These diets help filter posts they can see to be those from the filter and those that they can follow in their feed. 
    The user can filter posts by diet categories, allergy restrictions, and diet calories(There will be a gauge of low to high calories such as 1- 5 to estimate the 
    calories of the recipe). There can also be the option for users to filter based on whether or not the original poster has attached a video to it.
    A typical user can post a video or photo and a recipe including the number of calories or other dietary restrictions (ie: low sodium diets). 
    They can also write on another text field below those to say anything else they would like to say about the recipe. These posts can be liked, 
    commented, rated, and shared by other users. There will be a tab to open the comment section for the post; ordered by relevance (comments can be liked or disliked) 
    or by recency.
    The user can open up a direct text conversation with the uploader of the post. 
    The posts will be presented in a top to bottom list like order, the user can scroll down for the next post on the list.
